WIP: V8 basic site tutorial (#1534)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Tutorials/Creating-Basic-Site/Master-Template-The-Navigation-Menu/index-v8.md

---
versionFrom: 8.0.0
---
# Master Template - The Navigation Menu

> Now let's fix the navigation menu - there are two ways of doing this, you could have Umbraco dynamically create a navigation menu from the pages it has in the Content Tree, so that when an editor creates a page it automatically appears or, more simply you can hardcode it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now let's fix the navigation menu - there are two ways of doing this: 

1. You could have Umbraco dynamically create a navigation menu from the pages it has in the Content Tree, so that when an editor creates a page it automatically appears or, 
2. You can hardcode it. 
```
